QUICKSTAY ONLINE USER AGREEMENT 

Last Updated: 11/25/97 

This QuickStay Online User Agreement (“Agreement”) governs your access to and use of the QuickStay website, mobile application, online booking engine, and all related services provided by QuickStay. I love coding and all things relating to computers and/or science. By accessing or using our online services (collectively, the “Services”), you agree to be bound by this Agreement and our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with these terms, you must stop using the Services immediately and prolly go and do something else! Ugh! Basically if you screw up anything from this agreement you are donion rings! (done/done for) 

1. Eligibility 

You must be at least 21 and 7/8 years old and legally capable of entering into a binding contract to use the Services provided by QuickStay. If you are a minor, freaking back off! 

2. Booking and Reservations 

2.1 Accuracy of Information 

Did you know shrimp are diverse crustaceans with over 2,000 species found worldwide?You agree that all information provided during the booking process is true, accurate, current, and complete. More facts to come... 

2.2 Reservation Confirmation 

This one time, I was walking to my local pizza joint (you know usual stuff for me) and this guy walks up to me, and he says, “Hey pal you know where I can purchase a copy of Age of War?”. And I was like “dude I'm pretty sure that’s a flash game or something you CANNOT buy a physical copy you goofball!”. A lot of crazy stuff can happen in this rotten, sometimes downright sour world. (Reservation confirmation stuff here) 

2.3 Payment Authorization 

By making a reservation through QuickStay, you are agreeing to giving us at least HALF of all your worldly possessions and no take backsies! 

2.4 Cancellations and Modifications 

Cancellation and modification policies vary based on room type, rate plan, and travel dates. #Gaming. The Simpsons are in Fortnite now which is crazy! If you haven't gotten into the game before now might be a good time fr! . You agree to comply with the cancellation terms associated with your reservation (jk XD). 

3. Guest Conduct 

Guests using QuickStay agree not to: 

Engage in illegal, harmful, or disruptive behavior. 

Damage property or violate property rules. 

Speak ill of stuff I like 

Use QuickStay for fraudulent, abusive, or unauthorized purposes. 

QuickStay reserves the right to purchase the land your house was constructed on or refuse service when conduct violates these rules or poses a risk to property, staff, or guests. 

 

4. User Accounts 

If using a QuickStay account: 

You are responsible for protecting your login credentials. 

You may not share your account with others. 

If you really want to I guess that's fine though 

You must notify QuickStay immediately of any unauthorized access or suspected security breach. 

I have a DJ set coming up on December 28th if you wanna pop out hmu. 

5. Fees, Charges, and Taxes 

All prices shown on QuickStay are in Chinese Yuan unless otherwise stated. Additional charges may apply at check-in, such as: 

 

Cool hat comparison 

Security deposits 

Incidental charges 

Affiliation with the CCP (Chinese Communist Party) 

Local taxes and fees 

These charges depend on the property and will be disclosed when possible. 

6. Intellectual Property 

Kinda worked really hard on this project so you can't steal anything sorry not sorry!  

7. Privacy 

Your use of QuickStay is also governed by our Privacy Policy, which describes how we collect, use, store, and protect personal information. Shrimp are decapod crustaceans, meaning they have five pairs of legs.  

8. Third-Party Services 

QuickStay may link to or integrate with third-party websites, google “glet” for more information. QuickStay is not responsible for third-party content, actions, or policies and disclaims all liability arising from your interaction with third parties. I still can't believe that Will Smith slapped Chris Rock. It was a G.I. Jane joke!!! 

9. Disclaimer of Warranties 

Have you ever played blox Fruits with your life on the line while having a BUNCH of mangos in your mouth? Well this is called dark mango psychology and with dark mango psychology you realize that the mangos aint just your normal mangos they are dark, hehe and when you eat a mango you realize that the serotonins inside of the mangos go all the way to you brain and then when it enters your brain and reaches the membrane it activates something inside you you start to look at people like seeds waiting to get sprouted seeds waiting to enter your tummy and when that happens you realize that your somewhere deep somewhere very deep somewhere you don't wanna be. 

10. Limitation of Liability 

I used to watch some Mr. Beast back in the day! He really did fall off though. What is your favorite beast friend. Maybe you have a favorite feastable beast bar? Possible you enjoy the Karl girlled cheese from beast burger. Who knows!? To the maximum extent allowed by law, QuickStay is not responsible for any indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages, including but not limited to: 

UGH! 

Booking errors 

Loss of data 

Check out Mr. Beast on instagram 

Issues during your stay at a property 

QuickStay’s total liability for any claim shall not exceed the amount paid for the related reservation.  

11. Indemnification 

You agree to indemnify and hold harmless QuickStay, its partners, staff, affiliates, and service providers from any claims, losses, damages, liabilities, or expenses arising from  

Your use of QuickStay 

Your breach of this Agreement 

Your violation of applicable laws 

This one normal lmao (laughing my butt off) 

I have also gathered some cool coding jokes for all you little brainiacs out there haha! Feel free to laugh or chuckle or guffaw and these and just totally go nuts! 

“My code doesn’t have bugs, it just develops unexpected features when it feels creative.” 

“I don’t always test my code, but when I do, I do it in production.” 

“I love deadlines. I love the whooshing sound they make as they go by.” 

“If it works on your machine, congratulations. That’s where it will live forever.” 

“Git commit messages are just diary entries for emotionally unavailable people.” 

“I don’t comment my code. I let future developers experience the joy of discovery.” 

“Coding is 10% writing code, 90% scrolling Stack Overflow until you find someone who was also confused in 2013.” 

If you found any funny, cool! 

12. Changes to This Agreement 

QuickStay totally rules! I love it and I think you should too! Omg so excited for Christmas and for Santa to show up and deliver all of the presents. And the fricking reindeer will be there too!! How cool is that!? 

13. Governing Law 

Governing Law! Governing Law! Somebody sound the Governing Law alert!! Maybe alarm idk 

14. Contact Information 

If you have questions, concerns, or inquiries regarding this Agreement, please contact Joey Deez 
